Adds project setup to the readme (#58)
BearStudio/start-repo: README.md

yarn build
```

## Project Setup

- Duplicate and rename your `.env.example` into `.env`.
- Go to your github [developper settings](https://github.com/settings/developers). Create a new OAuth app and a new client secret.

> - Now, you can fill the `GITHUB_CLIENT_ID` and `GITHUB_CLIENT_SECRET` into `.env`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fill your `GITHUB_CLIENT_ID` and `GITHUB_CLIENT_SECRET` env variable with your client id and client secret
```

> [!NOTE]

> > **Normally, you don’t have to do anything, but just in case :**

Reviewer: Not necessary
